
## Heuristically Informed Fuzzy Maze Challenge
### James Ngondo - G00304277
### Artificial Intelligence

This project demonstrates the use of A-Star search algorithm that uses heuristics and Fuzzy logic.

### Instructions to run the Program

1. Import the project to eclipse and the run the GameRunner.java file
2. Use Up Arrow key to move the player up (north) of the maze
3. Use Down Arrow key to move the player down (south) of the maze
4. Use Left Arrow key to move the player left (west) direction of the maze
5. Use Right Arrow key to move the player right (east) direction of the maze
6. Use the Z key to zoom out the maze.

### Features

- Blue coloured node is a Goal node.
- Green coloured node is Player node.
- As the player traverse through the maze, he destroys the enemy and collect weapons if necessary.
- The game keeps track of the total weapons collected and battles fought/ won.
- The game uses Best First Traversator algorithm and calculates Heuristics that for the shortest possible path to the goal Node. 
- The Follow Me (Yellow) nodes simply guide the player towards the Goal node. This is the shortest path possible generated by the serach algorithm. 
  The Follow Me (Yellow) nodes may not appear the first time around since the both the player and goal node are randomly generated and placed at random x,y possible
  where the path between them nodes can not be generated.
  
- Once the goal node is reached, a pop-up window appears showing the results/ overview of the game.
